doc_build/legal/draft_intro.md, before:

**Not suitable for commercial use, including the development of implementations**

# Copyright

Copyright License Agreement for AOUSD Draft Deliverables

By exercising the rights granted hereunder, Reviewing Member (as defined below) accepts and agrees to be bound by the
terms and conditions set forth in this Copyright License Agreement for AOUSD Draft Deliverables (the “Agreement”).
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the AOUSD Project
Charter and/or applicable AOUSD Working Group Charter.

As used herein, “Reviewing Member” shall mean any Steering Member or General Member in good standing.

AOUSD grants to Reviewing Member a worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable copyright license to reproduce the AOUSD Draft Deliverables for Reviewing Member’s internal,
non-commercial purposes only.

Reviewing Member may not distribute or disclose the AOUSD Draft Deliverables to any non-Reviewing Member without AOUSD’s
prior written consent. For clarity, only implementations based on AOUSD Approved Deliverables are licensed under the
selected patent mode for the applicable AOUSD Working Group.

The AOUSD Draft Deliverables are provided on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT,
MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

IN NO EVENT SHALL AOUSD BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THE AOUSD DRAFT DELIVERABLES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Commit message:

Change the repositroy and draft licensing

doc_build/legal/draft_intro.md, after:

# Copyright License Agreement for AOUSD Draft Deliverables for Internal Evaluation

By exercising the rights granted hereunder, You (as defined below) accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set forth in this Copyright License Agreement for AOUSD Draft Deliverables for Internal Evaluation (the “Agreement”).  Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the AOUSD Project Charter and/or applicable AOUSD Working Group Charter available at www.aousd.org.

## Definitions

As used herein, “Contributions” shall mean input, contributions, suggestions, and other feedback.

As used herein, “Legal Entity” shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

As used herein, “Materials” shall mean specifications, documents, source code, data, and other artifacts being developing by AOUSD, including but not limited to the AOUSD Draft Deliverables.

As used herein, “You” shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising permissions granted by this Agreement.

## Copyright License Grant; Restrictions

AOUSD grants to You a worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, non-transferable, non-sublicensable copyright license to reproduce the AOUSD Draft Deliverables for Your internal, non-commercial purposes only.

You may not distribute or disclose the AOUSD Draft Deliverables to others without AOUSD’s prior written consent.  You may not use the AOUSD Draft Deliverables to create or otherwise develop any implementations.  For clarity, only implementations based on AOUSD Approved Deliverables are licensed under the selected patent mode for the applicable AOUSD Working Group.   

## No Warranties; Limitation of Liability

The AOUSD Draft Deliverables are provided on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions of TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

IN NO EVENT SHALL AOUSD OR ANY OF ITS MEMBERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE AOUSD DRAFT DELIVERABLES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

## Contributions

To the extent You provide any Contributions to AOUSD, you agree to license said Contributions under the AOUSD Non-Member Agreement available at https://www.linuxfoundation.org/hubfs/AOUSD/20250919_AOUSD%20Non%20Member%20Agreement_Extracted.pdf.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, any Contributions provided by a member of the AOUSD Working Group that produced the AOUSD Draft Deliverable licensed hereunder shall continue to be subject to the licensing terms specified by said AOUSD Working Group’s charter.  

You warrant to the best of Your knowledge that You have rights to provide these Contributions.  You also acknowledge that AOUSD is not required to incorporate Your Contributions into any version of the Materials.
