# Copyright License Agreement

Copyright @ 2025 Alliance for OpenUSD (“AOUSD”)
 
This AOUSD Final Deliverable is made available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution-NoDerivatives 4.0 International License (CC BY-ND 4.0).  As stated in the license, you may copy and redistribute this deliverable, provided that attribution is given to the Alliance for OpenUSD.  However, if you create a derivative work from the deliverable, you may not distribute that work.  A copy of the license is available at [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nd/4.0/).
 
Elements of this AOUSD Final Deliverable may be subject to third party intellectual property rights, including without limitation, patent, copyright or trademark rights, and any such third party may or may not be a member of the AOUSD.  AOUSD members grant certain intellectual property rights, including patent rights, as set forth in the [AOUSD Working Group Charter for the Working Group that developed this AOUSD Final Deliverable](https://cdn.platform.linuxfoundation.org/agreements/alliance-for-open-usd-fund-aousdf.pdf?__hstc=73742413.1d57fa31c37ecc85024acbed9c75f780.1745967020969.1765313447829.1765392928233.30&__hssc=73742413.1.1765392928233&__hsfp=334992347).  AOUSD is not responsible for, and shall not be held responsible in any manner for identifying or failing to identify any or all such third party intellectual property rights. 
 
This AOUSD FINAL DELIVERABLE IS PROVIDED “AS IS.”  AOUSD, its members and contributors expressly disclaim any warranties (express, implied, or otherwise), including implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose, or title, related to the AOUSD Final Deliverable. The entire risk as to implementing or otherwise using this AOUSD Final Deliverable is assumed by the implementer and user. IN NO EVENT WILL AOUSD, ITS MEMBERS AND/OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY FORM OF DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY CHARACTER FROM ANY CAUSES OF ACTION OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIS DELIVERABLE OR ITS GOVERNING AGREEMENT, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT AOUSD, ITS MEMBERS AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 

